This is a head-gum original.
We need to sink or...
Doesn't matter.
Because we all started separately.
Yeah.
Should we sink or...
Head-gum holiday special.
Right?
This is coming out on Christmas Eve.
And if anybody's watching this, I'm sorry that you don't have the type of relationship with your family,
where you carve out the time,
to spend it with them.
Instead, you're listening to this nonsense.
Yeah.
What'd you say?
I said, yeah.
What is this song?
This is non-copyrated Christmas music.
Oh.
Yeah. Nice.
It's a song.
Um, I didn't...
I didn't with the black-ed fees thing right after.
Using a media monetization.
I'll call up a solid...
Listen, guys.
It's been a hell of a year.
I mean, in terms of growth,
in terms of manufacturing supply chain issues,
it's been both positive and negative
and two things can be true at once.
We're living in the gray.
We're not going to either extreme.
And we're finding new avenues of joy.
We're getting wise.
These have been the themes of the last couple months on the show.
Um, and I just wanted to get your guys' thoughts.
I thought that we could do a couple things today.
All right. I'm going to outline it for you up top
so that we know what we have to get to.
You're already steam rolling up.
Yeah.
We haven't set up fucking word.
You haven't introduced us.
I don't have to.
They know he's casual.
He's still...
They don't know who's on the show.
What do we think?
We have Marieka Brownlee on the sacks.
You have a mirror blue and felt on the backs.
And we have Jake Hurwitz bringing up the rear.
Johnny Hurwitz, Johnny Hurwitz, the other brother.
Um, Christmas is about two things.
Giving gifts and giving back.
Okay.
So we're going to do both of those things today.
We're going to hit you with the headgum podcast.
Holiday gift guide.
Way too late.
We're going to talk about ways we can give back.
And we're going to help some kids in need of joy.
How are we going to do the last one?
We're also going to ask.
Yeah.
All right.
That's a given.
Um, a mirror.
How was your Hanukkah?
I was nice.
I spent most of that.
Head big burn.
That was good.
I was in full death.
Never mind.
I guess.
No.
It's all fine.
Yeah.
You're in Florida.
Yes.
I wasn't Florida.
Thank you for asking.
Yeah.
How was that?
It was interesting.
It was cool to see.
It's sort of like I equated as an upside-down
California, both in terms of shape, right?
Because it's also like, it's like a bizarre, because it's still warm.
But the people are just cold hashtag different over there.
Um, with a lot of people in California, uh, the same way.
It's just in like Fresno and Northern California.
Central.
Yeah.
This San Juan can be valley.
Actually went to a Walmart for the first time.
I've already talked about it.
You've already talked about it on this show.
Don't repeat yourself on this show.
All right.
Well, I wasn't.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Not you.
I'll see.
I think you and I've been to a Walmart on our cross country road trip.
And I was a lot.
So don't spread lines.
I love that for us.
Sure.
Did you go other places in the south?
It seemed like you were driving around a lot.
Yeah.
I was, I actually flew from two different cities within Florida.
Because much like California, Florida is 500 miles long.
So you have to fly to get from one side to the other.
Tracks.
Sure.
Yeah.
But Hanukkah was nice.
Let's some candles.
Eight.
Some jelly donuts.
Had some lattes.
Yilt.
Sorry.
That was guilt.
There was dreadling.
You played great.
Do you actually cradle?
I played a light round.
I didn't play anything serious.
But there was dreadling happening.
And there was guilt being consumed.
Was there ladling happening in terms of soup?
Yes.
There was a multiple soup at one point.
Jake, have you ever been to Woodstock?
New York?
Yeah.
Yes.
Have you had Woodstock?
Huh?
Woodstock.
It's like a broth made from cedar.
Wood?
I don't think that's a real thing.
No.
It's a soup made of plywood.
Wood?
Yeah.
I don't think that's a real thing.
And I haven't had it.
That was, you did.
You wanted me to do it.
You did say a soup made of plywood.
I mean, no.
You expect a lot of arrows.
What?
I'm going to do my best thing.
My favorite.
Can we talk about it?
How do you record it in that episode where you are right now?
Yeah.
Or is this the first?
No.
This is the second.
This is the third.
I didn't.
Where are you?
I'm in Williamsburg.
I'm a little.
I had two different, you know.
Ideas in my head.
Actually, no, I have one single concern about you living here.
Was that you weren't going to have any friends.
and that you were going to rely on me and hanging out with me all the time, and I was texting me and asking what I'm doing and kind of be like a hanger on.
And sadly, the opposite has happened. You've utterly ignored me.
I haven't seen Jeff at all.
You've been here for like a month. How long have you been here a month? Two weeks? Two weeks? Two weeks?
Two weeks? I haven't seen you.
And you haven't even texted yesterday. You didn't even respond.
I asked Jeff if that's really cool.
That's really cool.
Last minute on my end, but I asked him if you wanted to play trivia on my trivia team and he just ghosted me.
That's so funny. That's really cool.
Not even I can't make it. He doesn't respond to text sometimes.
And then sometimes he'll say that he's going to do something and then doesn't show up.
My issue in the way that I've experienced the last two weeks is it's been go-go-go and I've been incredibly.
It's like my body's two steps ahead of my mind.
Why?
And then down.
No, I'm trying to settle into where I am at.
But then I'm fucking going back to Cleveland on Sunday for Christmas, which will be great.
But it's like, I'm all turned around.
I do want to hang out and I do want to climb.
I wanted to climb this morning, but eight, 30s kind of early.
You live in New York, but you're still treating it like you're here for a long weekend.
Yes.
You're like in different parts of the city on like a week night.
It's a lot of work and far.
I don't like going to be hell.
Yeah.
You're in South Williamsburg.
You get on the GMZ, right?
I'm taking the J, the J is cool because it's above ground.
And above board in terms of subway maintenance, which is something I've been reading a ton
about.
Have you stayed in one night?
Yes.
When Saturday.
Also, Jake Saturday, I texted you.
You texted me.
Do you have plans tonight?
I said yes, but only early.
Are you doing anything and you didn't respond to that?
That's right.
So it's also ships passing in the night.
Well, I, yeah, you're right.
I did.
And you would make a climb at like 730.
So when I get to the gym, you guys are finishing up.
And I'm climbing.
I'll get there.
Okay.
30.
I can do it.
I just couldn't do it today.
Yeah.
When I texted you, do you want to climb at 830?
Didn't respond.
In my hand, I was like, no.
And then I didn't send it sex.
And in my head on Saturday, when you said, you were going bowling at the gutter at six,
but didn't plan back to that.
I was like, so he's going to be trashed at seven.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Hang out.
I'm going to invite you.
Oh, all right.
Yeah.
Ghosted everybody for dinner.
Well, I went and I got a really nice burger.
Just me and Jill.
We will always.
Cozy Royale.
Actually.
Yeah.
I haven't even seen Vogel.
That's right.
You haven't seen Jake.
So you definitely haven't seen his wife.
You haven't seen Maria.
Yeah.
So you haven't seen Vogel for sure.
But you are vocal about wanting to see her.
I'm first call about Vogel.
Yeah.
That's right.
What did you do this weekend, Jeff?
Sorry.
So all of the place.
Yeah.
I'm also adjusting to like the the social capital of New York.
Right.
So it's like, and this isn't very holiday.
But we're waxing.
Um, which is another thing you said we should do.
We said there'd be a lot of waxing.
We.
So in LA, it's like, you don't see anybody until at earliest Thursday.
Yeah.
And then you do, you know, you go out on Friday and Saturday.
You see everybody.
You want to see.
And it's great.
But you're.
I'm so used to building up that social capital.
And honestly.
Uh.
Did you lose one track of what you were saying?
Honestly want the want to see people in the weekends.
In New York, I'm going somewhere every night.
Because they're so like it's so easy to see people.
And people keep texting.
But which people?
Because it's not Jake.
It's not Rika.
You haven't even seen Chilean.
So like vocally.
Who are you hanging out with?
Who have you seen the most?
Like it's a random Monday.
Who's who's text.
Are you responding?
Johnny.
Johnny a lot.
Yeah.
Uh, and then a friend from home.
Uh, has has been doing a lot of things in just kind of casually inviting me.
And the timing of it has worked out every time.
But Jake, I want to hang out.
Thanks.
Yeah.
So why?
First cut that out.
Take your healer.
Make time for those that want.
Make time for those you care about seeing time.
And that's about my wife.
Full steam ahead.
Here's what I'd like to ask about.
What have you guys learned about yourselves in the world in the past year?
That music.
I learned I had a low grade thyroid issue.
Um, I, I thought that I was just tired because I was getting old and I thought that
I had achy joints because I was, uh, traveling too much.
But then I went to the doctor for the first time in 10 years and found out that I just had
a thyroid that wasn't doing its job.
I have some medicine now.
And I feel 10 times better than I did.
So check your thyroid.
Wow.
Jake taking the thyroid medicine for the first time.
Oh, yeah.
Your body can't produce this naturally.
Right.
That's how we're supposed to die.
Wow.
You had Hashimoto's.
Jake, I have a recommendation for that actually.
I'm good.
I'm on level 13.
Roxane.
So I don't need your fucking witchcraft or anything like that.
No, no, no, no.
It's, uh, it's called the, um, sorry.
What's it called?
I don't know.
This sucks.
I would stew the vital pro.
The vital pro.
Infrared light machine.
It helped.
If you shine that towards your thyroid, it really helps.
No, you're suggesting pseudoscience and Jake said he's already been to a doctor and got
an action medicine.
That looked like a heat lamp.
That sounds like four hundred and seventy nine dollars.
That sounds like something.
You shine it at your thyroid.
I thought you could download that as an app too.
It's a red screen.
And if you turn it really brightly into your eyes with still be blue light.
It would still be blue light on the spectrum because you don't know Jack shit about medicine.
Your dad's a doctor.
And you're a fool on the internet.
Oh my god.
He's not wrong.
Yeah.
Sports.
And what's not in the game is my head and we have to get there.
Um, what did you go sleep last night?
Sorry one second.
Um, because you look tired, but it's what 150 over there.
Yeah.
You just wake up.
I woke up at 11.
Can you dip out a frame?
I'd like to see the kitchen behind you.
Do you have roommates or is that all your mess?
I made a grilled cheese really late last night.
Thanks.
I see what kind of by the way Monday night you had last night.
Yeah.
Monday.
Because I had Monday night you had a late night grilled cheese.
Correct.
Yeah.
So we sliced and diced my thumb on a mandolin.
And I don't mean we could kitchen knife thing.
I mean like an actual, you know, 12 string talking about shredding.
Yeah.
So I was grizzman.
I was grizzman.
Hmm.
I look worse because there's no good lighting in this apartment.
It's all overhead and the ceilings are really high.
I see.
And the nail polish.
Is that a new thing?
New York thing?
Or are you redoing that in LA?
I did it once in LA.
Uh, it's sort of a hairy style style style.
You're really, some, you're getting into hairy styles.
Yeah.
Too much do you think?
No.
It's just.
Yeah.
Jeff, Jeff clearly goes through phases.
And he's in his hairy styles phase.
His hairy styles era.
Yeah.
His flop era.
But hairy styles phase.
No.
My friend of mine painted my nails.
Cool.
So it's like a sexual thing.
Yeah.
You said it with that kind of energy.
It was friend of mine painted with a sword.
Yeah.
That doesn't happen like in an afternoon.
It's like it's late Monday night.
No.
You're getting white.
My buddy AJ just came over and we did our nails.
Yeah.
And then didn't clean up.
Um, a mirror.
What's, what did you learn in the last year?
Uh, skip me actually.
Maria.
Um.
What did you learn in the past year?
I similarly to Jake learned that I had a herniated disc and have just been
constant pain for the better part of year.
Um.
So learning learning to live with that is.
Have you tried diet smoke?
Epic.
Epic 2021 night.
Yes.
Oh.
Yeah.
It's brilliant.
Jake.
It's what?
That's all.
See how it's.
Wow.
Um.
Yeah.
It sucks doing the show with you guys.
I was just doing a bit.
And you fucking went, you needed to go harder than I did.
Fucking.
You barked at me like a dog.
Wait.
There's no, there's no, there's no like, um, healing from a herniated disc.
You just have to learn to live with it.
Basically.
Yeah.
You can get like, I can get a surgery that, um, removes some of the jelly like disc
material from touching my nerve, which is what is causing me pain.
Um, but I'm trying to avoid doing that.
So I'm doing physical therapy.
I'm getting shots in my back.
Uh, it's going fine to bed.
Is it getting worse?
Is it deteriorating?
It got better.
And then it got worse.
And now after shot number three, it's a little better again.
Wow.
Like, when you're doing the physical therapy, are you strengthening the muscles around
the disc?
That's the idea.
It's always going to be a herniated disc.
And you're exactly.
Exactly.
Because right now, for some reason, most of my pain is just like the entire side
of my body cramping.
What is that?
Yeah.
But I also learned that I want to take.
Thank you to Gator Frameworks for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Gator Frameworks is your premier choice for high quality music, audio, and video
accessories, whether you're in your home studio or on the road doing what you love.
You deserve products that will enhance your performance and creativity.
Gator Frameworks offers a vast array of innovative types of stands,
hangers, and other accessories featuring clever designs and proven functionality
at a reasonable price.
Gator Frameworks is your one-stop shop for all your creative needs,
including content creation, podcasting, and other studio needs.
Gator Frameworks offers over 100 innovative types of stands, hangers, and other accessories.
So please go to gatorframeworks.com to learn more.
Gator Frameworks built to perform.
Thank you to BetterHelp for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, is something interfering if you're happiness
or preventing you from cheating your goals?
Homey to sleep issues are something that has been plaguing me recently in a way.
But that's where BetterHelp comes in.
Alright, BetterHelp will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional
therapist, where you can connect in a safe and private online environment that's so convenient
you can start communicating in under 48 hours, and it's not a crisis line.
You know, it's not self-help.
It's professional counseling done securely online.
You can send a message to your counselor at any time, and you'll get timely and thoughtful responses.
Plus, you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions all without ever having to sit
in an uncomfortable waiting room.
BetterHelp is committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches,
so they make it easy and free to change counselors if need be.
It's also more affordable than traditional offline counseling,
and financial aid is available.
The service is available for clients worldwide,
meaning that you can find the particular expertise you need online
without limiting yourself to the counselors located near you.
BetterHelp has licensed professional counselors who specialize in depression,
anger, stress, family conflicts, anxiety, LGBT matters,
relationships, grief, sleeping, self-esteem, trauma, and much,
much more.
I want you to start living a happier life today,
and as a listener of the headgump podcast, you get 10% off your first month
by visiting our sponsor at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Join over 1 million people who have taken charge of their mental health.
Again, that's betterhelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
Sorry, I was at a commercial break.
And we're back.
You were gone the entire time.
Yeah, you were on your phone.
Yeah, I mean, I'm used to it.
Maria, you learned that you missed your friends?
Mm-hmm.
It's sort of the tail end of what you said.
We do have to move on as the only reason we had to do that.
Yeah.
Right, yeah.
They're, they're had to have been a better way to do that.
H-E-L-P.
Looking for royalty-free music, discover epidemic shift.
Yeah.
Now I'm on YouTube premium.
It's time for the headgump.
Holiday gift guide.
What are you guys getting for people that you're getting gifts for this year?
Or what's something that you didn't have someone to give it to
that you would recommend to others to get for people that they haven't gotten gifts for
in a guide.
Hold on.
I was so horrible.
I guess first of all.
Brother Dorgold.
Technically we did, we did put out a headgump gift guide on the newsletter, which went out
in a timely fashion as opposed to this, which is coming up before the day before Christmas.
But what I've bought for people this far, I bought a lot of people pillow slides,
which are little shoes.
Jake is probably going to combat this and go full crox mode, but I think pillow slides are
good.
No.
I'm not going to combat it.
I think that's interesting.
I think it's fascinating.
I'm interested in trying the pillow slides.
I will go to every length to make my feet feel comfortable.
Yeah.
I have no loyalty.
I went from crox to uphos to Birkenstocks back to crox.
I'll try anything.
Pillow slides are good.
It's like walking on a marshmallow.
Okay.
New tab.
Whoa.
What just happened?
You made me like the main.
Because also, now this is the top of the problem.
Yeah.
And it was.
And even when you go back to gallery mode, it might be in a different order.
Yeah.
Because it comes to end.
Oh.
There we go.
Let's talk about what gifts we would get for everyone.
In terms of what we got on this call.
You're changing the segment mid segment.
You're you're so 80.
I participated.
Yeah.
We got one.
Where's he going?
Oh my god.
He's hanging himself.
Holy shit.
No.
Finally.
Oh god.
He's on the move.
It's a nice little.
That's better.
Right?
Change of pace slash venue.
Just in terms of lighting.
It's kind of better.
Yeah.
That is better.
You should have done that before.
Obviously.
Well, you're an angle.
It's kind of like you're you're lent over the camera.
You're.
It feels like like a band photo.
This is not the 2000.
What we should be talking about.
All right.
Interrupted the segment.
You changed the segment.
Then you interrupted the change segment.
Again, by moving your camera around.
You know what?
Then I would get you all the same fucking gift.
And you know what?
It would be.
It would be pliers to remove the stick up your guys' asses.
That's pretty good.
So funny gift to get someone.
Oh, pliers.
Yeah.
Do a sermon with the stick of your ass.
Because it's so gross.
The rest that you're actually going to be.
Pliers to remove it.
And actually, here's a cigar.
So you can blow smoke up my ass.
It's all things up there.
Yeah.
And I got you a bit different.
There's a marshmallow.
You can do water.
Yeah.
Because there's a marshmallow with the stick up.
I'm up your ass.
Yeah.
And then if I can I can I ask you guys for something for Christmas?
Sure.
Yeah.
Probably like an American Express or Visa gift card.
Use one cash.
Cash is.
This is a little bit more intentional because you can pick out a fun design.
But in terms of how far anywhere.
So it's basically, yeah, you're asking us for money with a little bit of a design on it.
Wow.
How much money do you need, man?
Uh, it's the credit card bill is like $6,000.
Yeah.
Can you pay a credit card bill with an MX card?
No, but I can pay for other expenses.
And then with my income pay the credit bill.
Listen, this isn't the energy that I thought this episode was going to have.
Sometimes getting this group together.
No, let me, let me finish.
Sometimes getting this group together feels like it would be the best.
And then it's just like we all kind of feel.
Have you guys seen get back?
No.
We're like the Beatles.
Yeah.
And let me cast.
I'm a cart me because I'm trying to get shit done.
And nobody listens to me.
Amir is Lenin because he sort of brings this genius.
But only in bursts when he decides to use it, which to me as McCartney's frustrating.
Marika's George because she has a ton of great ideas,
but we don't listen to her either.
And Jake is Ringo because he holds it down.
Ringo's the only one.
Also, in terms of looks, I'm still McCartney.
I think Amir is also McCartney because he's sort of turned into Zaddy recently.
I heard that I looked like Johnwin and Sush.
This is the hot episode.
It's about spreading cheers.
No, it's not.
It was supposed to be doing a fucking gift guide.
You are contributing.
I said American Express gift card for me.
That's, yeah, but that's not the fucking prompt.
That wasn't the prompt.
It was what should people get the only adventure?
No, what should we get each other say?
It is.
I've had one idea and then you steam rolled it into saying that you want to pull the stick out of our asses
and that you want cash from us.
Fine, continue.
This is the sucks.
It's hard to continue.
I don't even know where you want us to do.
Amir, what's something that you got for a loved one this holiday season?
I find gold really gift cards to be ideal gift.
Because you don't have to like receive anything tangible.
So it's not like this big bulky item that you have to ship.
But it's also very exciting to get because it opens up a world of opportunity.
Everybody likes food.
So it's like, oh, now suddenly I have to decide.
Oh, this is fun.
I'll get like donuts from San Francisco,
where Philly cheese takes from Philadelphia.
So I know this is not really an advertiser sponsor of ours.
I find gold belly gift cards to be the ideal holiday gift.
And I think there's nothing.
No.
Save it.
Because major killer, if you buy a digital gift, then it's not a gift.
It is thoughtless.
Yeah.
Wow.
You have dropped the ball.
At that stage, don't get a gift at all.
Write a card.
That's what you have to do.
When you order the thing with the gold belly,
then the thing arrives.
You're just not making that specific decision for the person.
It's the thought that counts is what they say about gifts.
And that is thoughtless.
That is thoughtless.
That's it.
I do appreciate the gift card that you got me.
And I'm going to, I'm going to use it.
I appreciate it.
I'm getting love pearls.
I really have a name.
I'm kind of, I'm getting to the point where I am tired of gift giving.
I want to, like, next year, I want to, like, set boundaries for people.
Like, I want either, like, someone to donate on my behalf or I want, like, food.
Like a dinner.
What about a gold belly gift card?
Because that's sort of food, right?
It's sort of food.
Yeah.
It still comes with a piece of gold belly.
It comes with a, like, stress of me deciding what to order.
But still still good.
The thought that counts, I guess.
This really doesn't feel like a holiday extramific answer.
It sounds, like, it feels like us just waxing about the gifts that are good and bad.
And it's like, this isn't, if somebody's listening to this.
It was a gift card segment.
Yeah.
That's what we're doing.
What the segment was.
It's just like your best.
Which you came up with.
It doesn't feel organized.
It doesn't feel organized because you've, like, changed positions.
Went into, get back.
And then told us, we had sticks up our asses.
You yelled at us.
Yeah.
You changed the Zoom orientation too at a certain point.
Right?
You, like, spot lit me.
Yeah.
In a way that I didn't feel good about.
Okay.
All right.
You disrupted the situation for us and fans of the show.
Jake, like, you come really close.
You say anything.
Mine was pliers for sticks up your guys's asses.
Amir's was gold belly gift card.
You said, Crocs or something.
What do you, I don't.
Pillow slides.
And then Jake, you even said, you even said, Jack.
Yeah.
Well, it's hard to get a word in edge wise because you're either screaming or playing.
Oh, good, good thought of it.
So.
Good, good, good.
My suggestion.
It's something I did last year in the company White elephant, actually.
Yeah.
Printful.
Will let you print anything on anything.
I think that when is this coming out?
Christmas Eve.
Okay.
Perfect.
My sister just had a baby and I went on a printful and I printed her band's logo onto a
onesie.
You put something that means something to someone on a shirt or a hoodie or a sweatpants.
I think I put your face on socks.
Anyway, that's it.
You did on my face on socks.
Pile got him.
And then he sent me a photo.
They're awesome.
Do you have a real gift, Jeff?
Well, it depends.
You know, I get how close am I to the person.
And I don't think it.
You're taking it back by your own suggestion.
I think it's fun to if you know the person's measurements get them something like a vintage sweater.
Or a vintage t-shirt that has a logo or graphic of something that you know they care about.
Because it's a little bit more thoughtful.
You know that you had to go search for it on Etsy or grail or eBay or whatever the fuck.
And it just matters.
It just matters.
It doesn't matter.
Yes.
Our gifts are gifts.
It's what Christmas is all about.
It's what the holiday season is all about.
It's about getting things of monetary and sentimental value.
It's about proving love or having love disprovened unto you.
It's about being able to use, you know,
the gift thoughtful or otherwise that people get you as
barometers of whether or not they care.
It was also about giving back.
And it's about giving back.
Yeah.
Which I think we should get to now.
Give back.
Let's talk about it.
Why do you guys think it's important to give back to those in need or otherwise?
It's not.
It's not so bad.
It's an important to give to people in need or otherwise.
I guess people don't want you to give to people who don't need it.
Wow.
So it's just a gift.
Selfish.
Even people who have it all could use another thermos.
So this is giving back to people in need and also people who are want for nothing.
Already having thermos.
Can I ask you a quick question?
Yes.
We're 32 minutes in and we're on the last segment.
And we have to record another episode.
Are we, is this fine?
Like what's the, yeah.
What do you imagine the next episode to be energy slash.
Segment wise.
Energy gets up to you guys.
Because I'm only one human.
You know, I'm just quarterback.
Right.
So you can have the best.
You can have the best quarterback in the league.
But if you don't have good wide receiver.
I feel like we don't have to talk about football analogy.
I just asked if we were, we didn't need to slow down or anything.
We don't need to slow down.
I have a whole another episode.
All right.
You know what?
I knew that this would happen.
I knew that you guys would kind of sour this and not bring any ideas to the table in terms of giving that.
You take any responsibility at all.
Like it's like talking to your wall.
Who put the sticks in our ass?
I feel like I was sort of with with with the fucking birch.
And then and then I get I get lambasted for having us a piss poor attitude when you fucking spew nonsense half the time.
That's a good note.
And you know what you could have said that.
Fifty weeks ago.
And then we would have had a much different.
We did.
Yeah.
It was clear.
Then I was listening.
That was clear.
I.
So I'm living.
On.
I mean, I'm not going to say what street it is, but there is a school.
About two doors down that way.
And I've noticed in two weeks that I've been here.
There've been a lot of kids outside in like the basketball court playing basketball playing.
You're fooling around.
Really.
It's Tom Fullerie of the lowest caliber.
But they're just kids.
So kind of go easy on them.
Right.
Yeah.
So I.
I thought it'd be nice to chat them up.
And just hear basically try to get their Christmas wishes to Santa.
And then because our office is not too far from here.
See if head gum could make their dreams come true under the guise of Santa.
Cause news flash.
The fat man isn't real.
Why are you talking to children?
You didn't even have to say too.
Promising.
Why are you talking?
Promising things to small children.
I got them to write a couple of letters to Santa.
All right.
Would you like to hear them?
Yeah.
Okay.
Dear Santa.
My name is Nancy.
I'm seven years old.
And I've been really good this year.
No way.
Yes.
Nancy was tearing it up on the playground.
I was in Tom Follery.
Southwood.
And it works.
Nancy.
No.
Maybe one was born in 1936.
But not since then.
I want to be a astronaut when I grow up.
So I'm like an amazing science kid for Christmas.
This is what you think children sound like.
This is what they said, man.
So Nancy wants a science an amazing science kid for Christmas.
Do you exist anymore?
I don't know.
But we got to figure this shit out, man, for Nancy.
I don't know if we get her the kid.
I wonder because she said she want to be an astronaut when she's older.
I feel like why don't we take Nancy at Nancy's word rather than try to like infer what someone who wants to be an astronaut should get.
I don't think she mentioned that.
I don't think that's for what she wanted.
I think she wants to be a billionaire.
Because that's the.
Those that's who's exploring space.
Right.
Like does she want to work at space sex or does she want to create the next space sex?
I don't know.
I don't think you should be talking to the kids at all.
It alone like having deep philosophical career discussions with them.
I think we just need to crowdfund like a billion dollars and give it to Nancy.
So that she can a tree for dream.
And then it's from Santa or whatever.
Do we not do we not know that Nancy's parents.
Already have a billion dollars they could.
And do we not know that we're going to crowdsource a bunch of money and you're going to be the one that delivers it to Nancy, but we don't actually know if Nancy's a real person and it might just be.
Well, that would be fraud.
Yeah.
Which I don't think you're above.
I'll take a broker's fee.
But I'm going to give the money to Nancy.
What's the broker's fee on a billion dollars?
Um, I mean, agents take what 10%.
And then I don't even do that much.
And because I'm doing all of this, I would maybe 30.
You're also not doing that much.
I'm crowdfunding.
I'm talking to kids.
Literally, that is not doing a lot.
You, it's other people funding it, right?
Let's go back to when we were having fun like couple months ago, right?
You said fun on this show.
What do you think changed?
Let's do this. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, that one.
I feel like we solved three million dollars for Nancy.
Let's move on.
This one came in from Jimothy.
Who?
Jimothy.
No way.
You're Santa.
Sure for.
My name is Jimothy.
No, really.
I'm eight years old.
And I'd love nothing more than a Harry Potter sorting hat from James.
Timothy.
And it's high-finated.
So I guess that's how we know where you got Jimothy from.
Rick is typing.
Not.
I don't think that we should give Jim anything Harry Potter related.
I think we should give him, we should sit him down.
And the gift can be the eye-opening revelation that J.K.
Rowling is canceled.
Yeah.
I mean, Christmas.
I want to give him.
I mean, it'll be like over coffee.
I'll toss him around his purse.
Yes.
And on his own turf.
That's something we can see because it's only two doors down for me.
Right.
Uh, definitely don't get his home.
I feel like, uh, listen, I'm all for not getting children into Harry Potter properties.
All right.
Someone that doesn't particularly like them, but I don't know.
I feel like out of all out of the two letters, you've sent so far.
This one seems most realistic in terms of what a child would want.
Uh-huh.
A magical hat that doesn't exist.
Um, so why not, like, do something related, I guess.
Send them to cursed child on Broadway to watch.
Let him go to that weird Harry Potter store.
That's on 22nd Street in Manhattan.
You know what I mean?
Those are good ideas.
So we'll do that.
We'll do that.
And while we're kind of shaper-owning him, we'll maybe kind of tell him about uh,
trans inclusivity.
Uh, here we go.
Dear Santa, Hansel here.
As you know.
He's seven year old, and it's Hansel.
As you know, my dad's still away.
Not sure when he went.
But it'd be a Christmas miracle if he came back.
If it leased for Christmas.
Again, this seems like more of a gift of sitting him down and having
a conversation with him and just kind of saying move on.
Right.
And that should be done by his 25 year old neighbor.
You think?
Yes.
24.
But yeah.
But when he asked earlier, when he asked,
Santa specifically for that.
Where's that?
I'll also, while we're at it, might just say,
also Santa's not real.
Hmm.
Santa's your parents.
Or interest me.
Say mom.
That's not a bad move because then he's kind of like,
then Hansel is dealing with two things.
You know.
Yeah.
By the way, I don't think he's just about like my dad.
It's like, oh, well, there's also another thing to worry about.
Correct.
Yeah.
That's one more thing to worry about.
And then more Broadway tickets.
Hamilton.
That was pretty easy.
That was easy.
Do Santa.
It's your favorite good boy vessel here.
Back at it again to ask for white vans.
Hello, well.
You boy vessel.
Pretty clear.
Yeah.
I guess like he's asking for white vans multiple years in a row.
Mm-hmm.
Because every year the white vans become dirtier and dirtier.
Maybe just like send them some starch spray starch.
Hmm.
Did you have to take care of his own shoes?
The magic waste marker.
Yeah.
The little.
That's that's cool.
That's what he's saying.
That's a gift that keeps on giving.
Yeah.
Can you see him?
Uh.
Oh, my.
Man.
I obviously don't want it.
Not like this.
I'm switching.
I'm genuinely concerned.
That this is going to mess up.
Wait.
So what's up?
So we're going to get him white vans.
We're going to get him fucking shoe cleaner.
Because that feels like cleaner.
You're giving shoe cleaner.
Well, you're trying to get a beach.
All of these children lessons.
And now you don't want to teach a vessel a lesson.
You want to give a vessel.
What do you ask?
The white vans.
Let's get best of the shoes.
Well, let's get best of the shoes.
And the shoes.
You keep these ones clean.
And I also think we should get fucking.
Hansel.
Hansel's dad back.
Like how.
We don't even know his life.
And then say, but he's gone.
Because he never cared about you.
We should get the gift and the lesson.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
You're on the floor.
This is like a kind of a nice air.
Yeah, you have.
It's not an Airbnb.
It's my friends apartment.
Oh, cool.
She's cool place.
Um.
Dear Santa.
I just want my girl.
God.
Love, love, love, love, love.
You're going to belong.
I don't think that's going to be very healthy for me.
Okay.
I'm glad you started caring about your health.
Literally this moment.
Um.
Lillian wants world peace.
This one's.
And we'll.
We'll just give everyone a lesson.
We're just going to tell her that world peace is actually complicated.
And it means different things.
Different people.
So all you can have is a peaceful and happy life in your world.
Create your own universe.
Tighten it family and friends.
And that's all you can hope for.
That's good advice.
But that's your advice.
So.
So isn't that the fucking idea of the second person?
Giving.
My foot.
What we can do.
So it's hard to focus on the show.
It's really asleep.
And it's one of those things where any slight movement is causing me tremendous discomfort.
Yeah.
I think that's good advice.
Let's just finish this because that's fine.
That's good.
By the way, now you know the level of distraction that we deal with with you as the host.
You're a pins and needle to us.
We gave back.
Imagine thinking this show does good for people.
We gave back anyway.
And I'm honestly proud of us.
And.
You're losing it, man.
Listen.
It's Christmas fucking Eve for everybody else listening to this.
What do we want to fucking say to them?
Because this I feel like we shouldn't even release this.
We should do this again.
And then I'll do another one for New Year's Eve.
One of our worst episodes ever.
Where will you guys be on New Year's Eve?
Our Christmas Eve like it's December 24th night.
Yeah.
Do you guys know what you're doing?
Just a year apartment.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Like food wise.
Are you doing anything special?
Are you just going to like sort of treat it like any other night?
I haven't thought about it.
I might do something special.
You're welcome to come to chicken Falls.
I appreciate that.
I won't, but thank you.
That's very kind of you.
Jeff, what do you?
Is it like a hand dinner or how does that work?
It's going to be him, Sube.
What's that?
So it's like spam, Sube, where you have spam over Sube,
you're right.
But it's going to be with real ham.
So that there's not as many preservatives on Christmas Eve.
Yeah.
Because that would be the 24th.
So you know what you're eating on the 24th.
You just don't know if that's Christmas Eve.
I know we're doing ham on the 24th.
Yeah.
It's Christmas.
Actually.
Ham over rice.
Yeah.
Good call.
I'm actually going to Ham's be on the ears.
Or Christmas Eve.
It's a new ham, arms be hop up that they're doing in Boyle Heights.
And you mean the neighborhood Boyle Heights?
Or my buddy Boyle.
He's rising to new heights.
That's just what ACBS pilot.
Boyle Heights is the new heights and Boyle Heights.
That's really funny, LA humor.
What are you coming back?
Do you have a date?
Yeah.
I think March 13th.
He's probably going to get to your ears for a second.
I just want to say that I'm grateful for all of you for listening to this show.
You guys listen every week, even when we don't pull through like today.
And I really, really.
We fucking carried you for 45 minutes in your apologizing for us.
You had to have a man named Vessel for five minutes.
I think it's a Christmas miracle that the show has as many listeners as it is.
And it spreads joy and liable to me.
And legs.
And engine, and venture weight.
And all the other things that you can spread.
And I think that it's, it's not an accident.
It's a habit.
I mean, nothing.
Purgs.
I at the very least, I got this sentiment of thank you for listening.
Yes.
Yeah.
If you take nothing across the way.
Just take that.
Plugs.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff Beardy on Twitter.
That's my plug.
You guys.
At Marie Gailon on Twitter and Instagram.
Listened in the new punch of the jam hosted by Andrew Skregary.
And Evan Gregory who have taken over hosting duties.
Couldn't get.
They got weird out on their first episode.
Yeah.
That's pretty awesome.
We're these people.
I'm mad about it.
Yeah.
First of all, don't be sick.
Don't bring it up.
Thirdly, don't name names.
Like you have no seat at the table.
You have no voice in the room.
You're actively pushing against the company moving forward.
Yeah.
Be quiet.
I just don't understand how they're being settled on these two idiots.
But the trailer got more and more.
More downloads than any other head come trailer ever.
So you're kind of like firmly in the wrong.
Like this, their trailer got more listens than this podcast.
They're as complex to musical comedians.
And you're a nobody.
They've been doing musical comedy on the internet since you were like four.
Yeah.
And you're going to drunk musicals with fucking John.
Also, what is that?
I need to know.
It's the more drugs are doing these.
It's like drunk Shakespeare.
I wish it's the poorducers.
P.O.U.R.
God.
And I'm here listening up.
And it's.
It's a good backstage singing.
Yeah.
Did you see.
Well, I said story.
Oh, no.
Because Ancel Elgore is a piece of shit.
This is true.
However.
Truly good.
I see like confirmed a piece of shit or does he just seem like a piece of shit.
I think it was the latter first.
And then confirmed as of like three weeks ago.
Also actually.
Ancel is.
Three weeks.
Ancel who's eight.
Yeah.
Ancel Elgore.
Right.
I did.
I did think he said.
Ancel.
When is.
During that segment.
Nice.
Right.
This is.
I'm like.
End the fucking episode.
We have to do another one.
Then do your fun.
Give us a shit.
Everyone fucking follows us already.
Yeah.
Watch my fucking Instagram.
Nice.
That's it.
We have 30 minutes.
Ending.
Yeah.
So on that.
Happy Christmas.
Everybody.
Yeah.
Happy.
Okay.
That was a hit.
Dumb original.
Thank you.